Now that we're taking a deeper look at our setting screen, the very first thing we need to look at
is our App Navigator, because in our App Navigator, we initially made the decision that our setting
screen was going to be a function that lives inside of the App Navigator.
Now, that's not the place where we want this feature to live.
Of course, when we move over to the features folder, what we want to do is we want to create a settings
folder.
And this settings folder is going to contain, again, screens and components.
And with that, it will be able to create the perfect integration for our settings.
Feature into the navigator.
Now, the very first file we need to create is settings that screen dojos and in that settings on screen,
not just we need to move from the App Navigator, our component.
So we'll take settings from over here and we'll move it into here, will add an export and we'll call
it settings screen.
And we'll need to move a couple of imports as well, so move this this the text on the button.
And we'll move it all in here.
And what we'll do as well is move the react in the context.
Which will need at the top of the file to begin with.
And with that, now, we have our settings screen up and running, ready to go.
But what we need to do now is we also need to create the proper integration point over here, which
is settings screen, and for that, what we need to do is we need to import setting screen from features,
settings, screens, settings, screen, dot.
Jess, and so now what we'll see is that.
How are component isn't rendering, so if we dismiss, dismiss, dismiss, dismiss all the errors and
we quickly reload, what we'll see over here is.
That it should technically load.
If we go over here to our Noad, what we'll see is that unable to resolve dottore components, utility,
safe area, so one of our imports in here is failing because the imports haven't been addressed to point
to the proper path.
So what we need to do here is say dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, slash components.
Add one more here, dot out.
And by doing that, we should now be able to render out the proper.
So if we go over here and we go to settings where we can see is we're rendering the same exact settings
screen that we had before, but now we need to make it look nice, don't we?
So how are we going to do that?
Well, first of all, let's remove button and text, because that's not what we want to do in here.
And we'll move button and text from here as well.
We'll leave our on log function and our use context.
And what we want to do is we want to import list from Riak native paper, because that is what we're
going to be using in order to build up our screen.
So we'll import lists from Riak native paper and basically we're going to compose our screen from both
sections and items.
And so what we're going to do is we're going to put together a section here where we do list that section
and we'll close the tag list start section.
And inside of there, we're going to put two list items.
We're going to put our logout item that is going to look something like this.
So on logout, we're going to put some padding temporarily over here.
And then we're also going to put our favorites icon over in here, right there.
And so with that, we should be able to render out the favorites now, do we actually have a favorite
throughout?
Huh, that's peculiar.
Well, first off, let's take in navigation over here, setting screens should be getting navigation
and navigation navigate favorites.
Hmm.
Well, if we go look at our App Navigator.
We're loading and setting screen.
Oh, maybe we need a settings navigator.
That's what we need, a settings navigator.
That's what we need, because as we can see, Settings is going to contain multiple views.
So what we'll set up in here is a specific settings that navigator dodges.
And in that settings, Navigator is where we're going to put the code for our settings screens.
Now, if we look at how we've built navigators in the past, first of all, we need to react.
We're also going to important use effect and then we're going to import both the create stack and Navigator
and the card interpolate or styles for us to determine how we're going to render out these cards.
Then what we'll do is we'll render out the Settings Navigator and that will return the actual Settings
Navigator, which we need to create a stetting stack for in order for that to work.
Then we'll create our setting stack up navigator.
And we'll close off that opening point, and as we can see here, we're going to put Hatamoto screen,
so we're going to have headers for these specific screens.
This is because we want to see the title of the screen and then we're going to have a setting stack
where we put in both our settings, which is going to be linked to setting screen and then eventually
our favorite screen where we're going to show our favorites because we can currently see our favorites
in the favorites part, but we also want to see them in a list for you and we're going to be able to
access that from settings.
So first off, we're going to go and import the settings screen inside of here.
And then for now, we're going to render out null here and what we're going to do is we're going to
use well, we don't currently need to use effect because we don't need to integrate that just yet.
So what we'll have over here is our setting stack with our current setting screen.
And then we'll we'll look at building out the rest of the screen later on.
OK, so now that we know that we have favorites, the thing we need to do in the App Navigator is we
need to import the Settings Navigator.
From target settings, top navigator and let's take this airport, and so now we got it all set up and
if we go over to our app, we go over to the settings screen.
Oh, what did I do?
WAPs did I not explore the component that's exported?
What about here?
Oh, that's exported, so Settings Navigator is exported and or probably this not.
So we want that to be a function value and then we have an inline component.
So over here now we can see that we have favourite's and logout.
And by adding both of those features now, we can log out of the app.
We can also log back into the app.
And what we should do now is we should look at how we're supposed to build out this features function,
what is it going to look like?
But we should also look at prettying up the screen a bit because it's a bit bland with just these two
options.
So let's look at both of those integrations and feature improvements.